Fix AuthorizationException with AWSV4SignerAsyncAuth when the doc ID has special characters. (#848)
opensearch-project/opensearch-py: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed
- Fix `Transport.perform_request`'s arguments `timeout` and `ignore` variable usage ([810](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-py/pull/810))
- Fix `Index.save` not passing through aliases to the underlying index ([823](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-py/pull/823))

> - Fix bug where the URL being sent and being signed is different ([848](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-py/pull/848))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix `AuthorizationException` with AWS OpenSearch when the doc ID contains `:` ([848](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-py/pull/848))
```
